= git-deploy (Python version)

= Description

git-deploy is a deployment tool to allow for quick and easy deployments based on
the changes in a git repository.

git-deploy supports deployment over SSH, FTP/S and its compatible with https://github.com/aizatto/git-deploy configuration files.

= Installation

git-deploy requires Python 3, you can copy git-deploy into your working directory on client side and deploy changes on server manualy or you can put git-deploy on git server into hooks to start deployement after successful commit.

= Usage

In the root directory of your source code, create a <code>deploy.yml</code> file.

Here is a sample code for FTP acces (skip option can be omitted):

  'ftp://example:password@example.com:21/path/to/installation':
    skip: false

If you do not want to use the URI scheme, and instead use another identifier. Feel free to do so.
Just enter the settings for the host like so:

  'example':
    skip: false
    scheme: ftp
    user: example
    password: password
    host: example.com
    port: 21
    path: /path/to/installation
    overwrite_if_same_revision: true

Note: The port field is optional in both the URI scheme and the broken down options
Note: git-deploy supports mutiple deploys (you can configure different targets in one config file)

== Client
For deploy from client side just run <code>git-deploy</code> from git root directory

== Server
Small tutorial will be available soon... (After testing on server side :-))

== Additional Keys

The configuration for a site has additional and optional options:

* <tt>skip</tt>: +true+ or +false+ (default). Whether to skip the configuration

= How It Works

<code>git-deploy</code> stores file called +REVISION+ on your server inside the root path to your application.
This file stores the current revision of your application residing on your server.

When you run a <code>git-deploy</code>, git-deploy downloads the +REVISION+ file, and checks to see what
files are different between revisions and either upload the changed files or deletes them from the server.
